add plugin install details on manual install (#237)
kuzzleio/documentation: src/guide/1/iot/javascript/index.md

For this example we will use Node.js. You will need to install Node.js and NPM.

Let's create a new project folder called `iot` and install mqtt module:

```bash
mkdir iot
cd iot

> npm install mqtt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm init
npm install mqtt
```

For this example we will use Node.js. You will need to install Node.js and NPM.

> Let's create a new project folder called `iot` and install mqtt module:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's create a new project folder called `iot` and add a MQTT client to it:
```

```bash
mkdir iot
cd iot
npm init
npm install mqtt
```

Now the project configuration is complete, we can create a `subscribe.js` and a `publish.js` files in the `iot` folder to program our example.

```bash
touch subscribe.js publish.js 
```

## Connect to Kuzzle

> In both files, the first thing we need to do is connect to Kuzzle. To do this add the following code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In both files, the first thing we need to do is to connect to Kuzzle. To do this add the following code:
```

> ```Javascript

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```javascript
```

const

>   //Get the mqtt module

Reviewer 2: This comment explains how JS works, not how Kuzzle works.

```suggestion
```

  mqtt = require('mqtt'),
  //Connect to Kuzzle
  client = mqtt.connect({ host: 'localhost' });
```

> Here we assume you have installed Kuzzle on your localhost, if this is not the case replace the `localhost` with the ip or name of the Kuzzle server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here we assume Kuzzle is accessible locally. If this is not the case, replace `localhost` with the IP address or with the server name of your Kuzzle server.
```

> ## Publish a Request on the MQTT Request Topic

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Publish a message to Kuzzle
```

> Now let's move on to the publish side of the test. Here we will publish a request to Kuzzle through the MQTT Protocol. In this case we will send a Collection Publish request. You can add the following code to your `publish.js` file

Reviewer 2: I don't understand the "Collection Publish request", so here is a proposal with what I understand from this code example. Do not hesitate to modify it if I'm wrong:

```suggestion
Now let's move on to the publish side of the test. Here we will publish a message to Kuzzle using the MQTT protocol, sending a sensor information. 

To do so, add the following code to your `publish.js` file:
```

```Javascript
// Sending a volatile message

> client.publish('Kuzzle/request', JSON.stringify({

Reviewer 2: If this is a sensor report, then you also need some kind of sensor identifier. You should add a `_id` field to this query.

    index: 'devices',
    collection: 'sensors',
    controller: 'realtime',
    action: 'publish',
    requestId: 'some-uniq-id',
    body: { 
      command: 'battery-report' 
    }
  }));
```

> ## Subscribe to the MQTT Response Topic

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Subscribe to notifications
```

> Now we will subscribe to the Kuzzle `Kuzzle/response` so that the client can listen to published messages.

Reviewer 2: The way I understand it, the client does not listen to published messages, because that would mean that it can listen to API responses, and this can only be done if `developmentMode` is set to `true` (in production mode, despite being sent to a MQTT topics, responses can only be received by requesting MQTT clients, for obvious security reasons).

Also, MQTT publishes to topics, not channels.

So I would rephrase your sentence like this:

```suggestion
Now we will subscribe to the Kuzzle `Kuzzle/response` topic, so that the client can be notified about published messages.
```

> You should add a `channels` array to save the subscriptions:

Reviewer 2: Why should I save the subscriptions?
This makes little sense at this point, it seems out of place.

I think you should skip that part and either explain it later in this guide, or you can simply let code comments do the explanations.

Also, MQTT uses topics, not channels.

```Javascript
const channels = [];
```

> We need to know the channel id to subscribe. After published a message we get the channel id as response so you can add the previous code in the `subscribe.js` file.

Reviewer 2: I find this explanation messy, and I believe that now is a good time to explain in this guide how MQTT topics are organized by Kuzzle:

```suggestion
Before continuing this guide, a word about how the MQTT topics are organized by Kuzzle:

1. API requests must be sent to the `Kuzzle/request` topic. For security reasons, this topic is write-only, Kuzzle forbids subscriptions to it.

2. API responses are sent by Kuzzle to the read-only `Kuzzle/response` topic. This topic is special: despite being a public topic, API responses are private, and sent only to the requesting user (unless you set the `developmentMode` option to true, which is not advisable in production for obvious security reasons)

3. Real-time notifications topic: when you send a real-time subscription to Kuzzle, it sends back a response with a `channel` identifier (a "channel" is a real-time subscription ID), and it also creates a MQTT topic named after that identifier. To receive real-time notifications, you have then to subscribe to this new, dedicated topic.
```

> After that, you could add the following code to do the subscription:

Reviewer 2: Following up my last proposal:

```suggestion
Now that's out of the way, let's add a listener handler, for both our API responses and for real-time notifications:
```

```Javascript
// Getting Kuzzle's response
client.on('message', (topic, raw) => {
  const message = JSON.parse(Buffer.from(raw));
  // API results topic
  if (topic === 'Kuzzle/response') {

>     // Response to our "publish" request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Response to our subscription request: we need to subscribe
    // to the new MQTT notifications topic
```

    if (message.requestId === 'some-uniq-id' && message.result && message.result.channel) {
      channels.push(message.result.channel);
      client.subscribe(message.result.channel);
    }
  }

>   else if (channels.indexOf(topic) !== -1) {

Reviewer 2: I think this is unnecessary, especially after the new explanations about MQTT topics I've proposed above: if a message is received from another topic than the `Kuzzle/response` one, then it must be a real-time notification.

    // Subscription notification
    console.log('Notification: ', message);
  }
});
```

We have now programmed the subscription side of the MQTT transport.

> ## Run the Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Run the example
```

> The full code of your `publish.js` file should look something like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The full code of your `publish.js` file should look like this:
```

[snippet=publish]

> And that of your `subscribe.js` file should look something like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And your `subscribe.js` file should look like this:
```

[snippet=subscribe]

> Now, run the following command in a terminal. The notifications of published messages will appear here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, run the following command in a terminal: it will display real-time notifications.
```

```bash
node subscribe.js
```

> Run the following command in another terminal and return to your other terminal to see the notification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the following command in another terminal, as many times as you want to. Your other terminal should show a new notification each time the `publish.js` program is executed:
```
